When i want a real good burger. I go there, It is always good and the burgers are properly made. The meat is very good. During the lunch hour its fairly crowded, but the team rock the rush and the wait is not so long so don't be afraid of the line up
Simple yet amazing. You walk in, order a burger to your choosing (with maybe a milkshake). You walk upstairs, sit down, set yourself up and finally take a bite out of the burger. Then BOOM you're hit with a soft burger but not wet, not dripping with grease, simply something delicious that packs a punch of perfectly cooked flavors. You then take a bite of your fries that are fried to perfection, soft on the inside with a crunch to it. Easily my number one burger + fries in town. Just when you think it's all over, you take a sip of milkshake that tastes as if whipped cream and melted icecream had a baby together, not too sweet yet perfectly fluffy. 10/10 for me
This has to be hands down the best burger fast food in Montreal. Their fries are amazing too and not some processed McDonald like fries. 

Nice place too. Really you should go there if you're a burger fan.
Had really good dinner here, the biggest burger you can get is a double patty with cheese and bacon. On top of this for no extra charge you can add toppings such as: lettuce, tomato, sauces, raw or cooked onion etc.. This will cost you around 10CAD$ which is a good price for the burger you are getting.
The fries are good, don't really see a reason to order bigger then the small ones cause they throw a lot in the bag (way more then the cup on the picture).
Soda is cheap and comes with refills.
Amazing burgers but during rush hour sometimes you will get condiments you didn't ask, like the time I got a disgusting pickle in my Burger despite not asking for one.

And to make it clear, it was disgusting because it is a pickle, I am sure their pickle was fine for pickle lovers, I just find ALL pickles disgusting period and an affront to taste buds.

Other than that, their burgers are simply the best!
