Food was great. Had the "Mac Burger" and a s'mores milkshake. Service was fantastic. The waitress was friendly and polite and smiling. The seats were also comfortable. Prices are fine. It was a little noisy however as the place was packed. There's a lot of options on the menu too. Overall very good and very pleased with my experience.
A very classic burger n shake diner. The portion size is so far from what you would except from a restaurant in this lovely French city. It is really big. I liked that you can choose your bun and that they have a verity of options for everyone. The burgers are a bit meaty and can be a little overdone when they serve it but you can’t have it underdone in the center top. I would’ve loved for the beef patty if it was juicier. Fries are delicious. I tried them with the ranch dip and loved it. Mac ‘n cheese was as you would expect it from the grocery store. Wasn’t too special. Would definitely come again to enjoy my little guilty pleasure
Jukebox Burgers is a classic '50s diner serving food like burgers, fries, milkshakes and ice cream desserts. The interior decor is very unique. I enjoy their Mac and Cheese. There's nothing really special about the menu but if you're looking for comfort food in a different environment, I recommend this place.

The staff is nice and professional. It can get busy on Friday nights and weekends but if you're patient enough, you will find a spot where to sit.
One of our favourite burger restaurants in the West Island.

First: let me say that the service is always good. The prices are great too, and the location’s decor is really fun. It’s styled as a jukebox diner — it lives up to its name, and it does so in a really fun, lively way.

The burgers are great. I love getting the beef patty with pulled pork on top. I’ve had the chicken burger and the Kobe beef — both are great too. Excellent onion rings and fries.

You simply *have* to try their milkshakes!
Jukebox is the perfect place for a laid back night out. The food is guilty-pleasure good and there are enough options to please just about anyone. This is by no means a superb culinary experience but you will always leave happy and pleasantly full. The prices are also reasonable and the service has always been great. A word of caution though would be to avoid on a Friday evening unless you want to spend your dinner with a bunch of young teenage kids - otherwise, no complaints!
